in_my_belief_sytem:
    why do i have a belief in the existence of "silly" mistakes, as something not worth my attention? i do not know.




why do i say "what is there in it?" before i do the usefull thing?
why do i conveniently assume "i have completed that work-item, without having completed it?"? i do not know.
why do i delude myself as "i have not done it BUT i can do it at will, so it is done allready."? i do not know.
why do i ignore the carefully crafted text README.md? i do not know.
why do i not realize "what a nightmare i am! i am not allways at ease in putting my feelings into words."? i do not know.
why do i proceed to rename the things that have worked in a half-hazard way?
why do i think these are not even mistakes? i do not know.
why do i like to think "i have done something worthy of respect!"? i do not know.
why do i ascribe not remembering vital things to mystery instead of working on remembering? i do not know.
why do i fear not being able to examine fear in future?
why do i think "it is profitable to ignore the mistakes i make."? i do not know.
why do i seek to answer bigger why question than a smaller why question? i do not know.
why do i make myself say "not now" by doing automated suggestions to engage in a profitable pursuit and then fear i may not feel like doing it? i do not know.
why do i fear i may not feel like doing the right thing? i do not know.
why do i promise things that are beyond what i can hope to access? i do not know.
why do i seek to gain what i come to want without knowing what i plan to do with it? i do not know.
why do i continue even IF i know it is a mistake? i do not know. 
why do i desire innocent beings to commit mistakes? i do not know.
why do i not take time to think of "what i can do with what i have"? i do not know.
why do i assume i can do with it, when i can not do? i do not know.
why do i assume i can NOT do it, when i can do? i do not know.
why do i make choices such that i come to feel good IF innocent beings incur a loss? i do not know.
why do i scold myself as "this is so ridiculously easy, it should have been done allready!" while i am trying to solve? i do not know.
why do i assume "i can not do ANY thing about it.", when in Reality i can? i do not know.
why do i not take the time to know the answers to these questions; as if answers are not worth knowing? i do not know.
why do i try to do all at once instead of taking a step by step approach? i do not know.
why do i lack faith in the process when i am allready on the right path? i do not know.
why do i focus on low priority work-items while high priority work-items are being completely ignored? i do not know.
why do i not want to try again? i do not know.
why do i get hurt while i wait for desirable experiences to come my way? i do not know.
why do i assume "just because i was not able to do it before, i will not be able to do it."? i do not know.
why do i fear "i have not grasped it & i do not know how to know what to do in order to make sense of it the next time i see it?"? i do not know.
why do i think that IF a way is done in the same way, THEN it can give rise to different end? i do not know.
why do i consider 3 * 0 = 3 while attempting certain problems? i do not know.
why do i feel "i have done something special" each time i avert doing a mistake? i do not know.
why do i think that what i am trying to know is not worth knowing? i do not know.
why do i think "IF i share what has been done profitably by me, THEN i will no longer be able to continue doing it."? i do not know.
why do i consider 9 * 7 = 9 + 7 while attempting certain problems? i do not know.
why do i put my hands near my mouth when i come to know of my mistakes? i do not know.
why do i consider -1 * -1 = -1 while attempting certain problems? i do not know.
why do i ignore to check IF what has been done is delivering the purpose or not despite having a doubtfull question; ignoring honest doubts? i do not know.
why do i choose to keep thinking "when will this end?" instead of focusing on the work-item in front of me? i do not know.
why do i rewrite the same thing over and over again? i do not know.
why do i think "i can not possibly be wrong!"? i do not know.
why do i consider 1 thing more usefull than another? think eyes are more important than hands? i do not know.
why do i not check if i am missing something before i call it complete? i do not know.
why do i confuse simple mathematical operations with computations? i do not know.
why do i try to make use of all the resources i can access when i can get the same work-item done with less? i do not know.
why do i forcibly convince myself as "i know" when i can easily say i am not sure, when i do not know in Reality? i do not know.
why do i mix the context of things? i do not know.
why do i wish to proceed doing a thing formally before doing my homework? i do not know.
why do i want to think myself special? i do not know.
why do i hate myself perpetually for not being able to realize my desire? i do not know.
why do i have empty meaningless sybolic "words" to represent how i feel with respect to desirable as well as undesirable experiences; judging aimlessly? i do not know.
why do i question Reality, after having the PROOF? i do not know.
why do i confuse my motivation behind things with need for respect from innocent beings? i do not know.
why do i wish to focus on the glorious deeds of beings aimlessly? i do not know.
why do i wish to ignore my own problems? i do not know.
why do i overshare to innocent beings? i do not know.
why do i fear doing something profitable to my own self? i do not know.
why do i like to figure out fearfully, what innocent beings are thinking about me? i do not know.
why do i have so much belief in "i will never get my Future improved!"? i do not know.
why do i want to create something big and awesome but NOT something small and broken? i do not know.
why do i think my problem is solved, when it is NOT? i do not know.
why do i excessively unnecessarily fear NOT being able to stay true to the belief innocent beings have in me? i do not know.
why do i fear having useandthrow policy in my heart of hearts? i do not know.
why do i not desire to reknow what i think has allready been known by me? i do not know.
why do i develop a fear of unknown concepts; trusses and frames? i do not know.
why do i think "IF i was unable to solve it earlier, THEN i can not solve it now."? i do not know.
why do i shy away from doing division of large numbers; not sure about checking the answer twice, fear of growing tired? i do not know.
why do i despisingly judge and laugh without any sense of what is true and what is NOT? i do not know.
why do i think long sentences are unworthy of being truthfull? i do not know.
why do i convince myself that a good thing practiced in sincerety is useless? i do not know.
why do i fear a pile of work-items instead of seeking to identify how i can start with the very initial steps? i do not know.
why do i not want to even ask the why questions; no desire to know the why? i do not know.
why do i choose to ignore taking a good BREAK after certain work? i do not know.
why do i choose to take a BREAK even if i know i can do more? i do not know.
why do i tell myself "i will not add any more items to this." and then i do the opposite? i do not know.
why do i fear aimlessly that i may develop a liking for that which i know is shamefull? i do not know.
why do i want to track things that are not of much meaning and wonder in awe? i do not know.
why do i not want to take time to name things to preserve original mechanics at play? i do not know.
why do i want to see nobody enjoy the good things i am deprived of? i do not know.
why do i not want to see beings not the mistakes i have made? i do not know.
why do i keep walking the way i know will not work when the way i know will work is within my sight? i do not know.
why do i like to think "i know the why" when i can simply say "i can not tell the why"? i do not know
why do i fear investing my self for a continous period of time to a certain thing? i do not know.
why do i delude myself about the need a certain thing when i do not really need it? i do not know.
why do i fear using my intellect in order to solve a problem? i do not know.
why do i guess half-hazardly when i can carefully seek and find the Reality of things? i do not know.
why do i keep remembering what i do not have while i ignore what i do have? i do not know.
why do i hit CTRL+S even after knowing that Autosave is enabled? i do not know.
why do i not trust the systems that are created through me to deliver their purpose? i do not know.
why do i fear investigating "how was it solved through me in Reality?"? i do not know.
why do i fear not being able to derive a conclusion? i do not know.
why do i entertain unrealistic AIMs while ignoring the AIM to gift myself something simple and small? i do not know.
why do i desire to know a certain thing for sure without putting in some sort of work? i do not know.
why do i seek to calculate the resources i have left in order to motivate myself through hurry? i do not know.
why do i not endeavour to RE-FRESH my own self? i do not know.
why do i not respond to "oh my God! what should i do now? i have no clue... IF i do not distract myself quickly THEN i may end up hating myself." with calm based on what i do know? i do not know.
why do i come to have a belief in "i need to do that unnecessary preparation. i fear being exposed."? i do not know.
why do i stop doing the-next-action-step IF i know doing it is good for me; which i was doing allready? i do not know.
why do i think a certain thing is "HARD"; in codeforces A < B < C < D < E < F < G < H <I < K < L < M < N < O? i do not know.
why do i perform "profit" perception in real-time; it is not like it is profitable? i do not know.
why do i confuse that which is worth focusing on with that which is not worth focusing on? i do not know.
why do i confuse that which is worth not focusing on with that which is worth focusing on? i do not know.
why do i think "IF i sit at a single place and become bored, THEN i will not be able to work again from that same place."? i do not know.
why do i assume things that need not be same as things that must be same? i do not know.
why do i fear the secret truths that i got the opportunity to find being exposed to innocent beings? i do not know.
why do i take simple truths lightly only to find out that i can not grasp greater truths IF simple truths are not known properly? i do not know.
why do i make decisions without carefully considering what i can do and what i desire to be? i do not know.
why do i have a belief in "it is inevitable for me to make these mistakes, there is nothing i can do about it!"? i do not know.
why do i have a belief in "i can not do ANY thing with respect to a given feeling in real-time"? i do not know.
why do i have a belief in "the answer to the why qestion i have come to ask is unknowable!"? i do not know.
why do i feel bad about not having taken ANY action immediately after setting it up? i do not know.
why do i feel it is not worth it to repeat mundane things with proper respect? i do not know.
why do i not know how to find out the mistake i must be making? i do not know.
why do i not know that it is not allways as simple as "i just need to keep doing what i have been doing and i will be where i want to be."? i do not know.
why do i think "oh no!!! now i have to do that undoable thing also? how worse can Reality get?" with respect to a work-item? i do not know.
why do i proceed to make changes in this file when i am not thinking properly? i do not know.

before_my_play:
    why on Earth do i set for myself an AIM without seeing how much energy it can make me invest in it? i do not know.
    why do i proceed to realize a dream before thinking it through? i do not know.

while_i_am_at_play:
    why do i make things too perfect, while trying to eliminate defects and while trying to add new capability i make it beyond use? i do not know.
    why do i guess; i can not know what i do not know? i do not know.
    why do i feel good as a work-item is reaching completion? i do not know.
    why do i not remember what is the real problem at play? i do not know.
    why do i keep screaming "i do not know how to do it easily." pointlessly? i do not know.
    



after_my_play:
    why do i celebrate once i do the perception of i_did_that_right_thing? i do not know.
    why do i obsess over titles given unto me? i do not know.




    
